iOS Guide: M3U Playlist Generator 📱🍏
Since iOS doesn’t support direct execution of Python scripts, you’ll need to use third-party apps or cloud platforms to set up and run the M3U Playlist Generator.

1️⃣ Option 1: Python Coding Apps on iOS

1. Install a Python IDE App
PythoniOS – Free app for running Python scripts.
Download from App Store.
Pyto – Advanced IDE with library support.
Download from App Store.
2. Setup the Environment
Open the app and create a new Python file: main.py.
Copy the M3U generator code (easy input version) and paste it into the file.
Install dependencies in the app terminal:
pip install requests
3. Run the Script
Execute the script directly from the IDE.
Save the output file locally or export it via email, iCloud, or Files.
2️⃣ Option 2: Use Streamlit Playground (Web Version)

1. Host the App Online
Deploy the Streamlit version on a cloud service like:
Streamlit Cloud (streamlit.io).
Render.com or Vercel.com.
Access the hosted web app URL from Safari on your iPhone.
2. Local Network Hosting
If you have a Mac or Linux machine, you can host the app locally:

streamlit run app.py --server.headless true --server.enableCORS false
Access it from iOS Safari at:

http://<your-local-IP>:8501
3️⃣ Option 3: Cloud Platforms (Google Colab)

1. Open Google Colab
Go to colab.research.google.com from Safari.
Create a new notebook.
2. Copy the Code
Paste the Python code into a Colab cell and install dependencies:

!pip install requests
3. Execute and Download Output
Run the script.
Use Google Drive to download the playlist.m3u file.
4️⃣ Option 4: File Management Apps (Offline Playback)

1. Use VLC Player
Install VLC Media Player from the App Store.
Open the generated M3U file in VLC.
2. File Transfer Tools
Use Documents by Readdle or FE File Explorer to transfer M3U files to your iPhone.
Stream directly from the links in the M3U file.
5️⃣ Troubleshooting

File Not Opening:
Ensure the app supports M3U format (e.g., VLC).
Network Errors:
Verify the API endpoint or token validity.
Dependencies Missing:
Add libraries using pip commands in coding apps or Colab.
🎉 Done! M3U Playlist Generator Ready for iOS!
